Add more scripts to the playground (#305)
safe-global/safe-core-sdk: README.md

## Playground

> This project includes a [playground](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-core-sdk/tree/main/playground) with a few scripts that can be used as a starting point to play around with the Safe Core SDK. These scripts does not cover all the functionality exposed by the SDK, but each of them present one of the steps involved in the Safe transaction flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project includes a [playground](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-core-sdk/tree/main/playground) with a few scripts that can be used as a starting point to use the Safe Core SDK. These scripts does not cover all the functionality exposed by the SDK, but each of them present steps of the Safe transaction flow.
```

Update the config inside the scripts and execute the following commands to run each step:

#### Step 1: Deploy a Safe
```bash
yarn play deploy-safe
```

> #### Step 2: Propose the transaction
> ```bash
> yarn play propose-transaction
> ```
> 
> #### Step 3: Confirm the transaction
> ```bash
> yarn play confirm-transaction
> ```
> 
> #### Step 4: Execute the transaction
> ```bash
> yarn play execute-transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 2: Propose a transaction
```bash
yarn play propose-transaction
```

#### Step 3: Confirm a transaction
```bash
yarn play confirm-transaction
```

#### Step 4: Execute a transaction
```bash
yarn play execute-transaction
```
